This is Pythia7 version 1

When unpacked from the distribution 'Pythia7-<version>.tgz' a
directory ThePEG-<version> was created with a Pythia7 subdirectory
where this README file is located. To successfully build and install
Pythia7 you must first unpack and build the corresponding ThePEG
distribution 'ThePEG-<version>.tgz' available from the same place
where you found the Pytia7 distribution. If not done already,
'ThePEG-<version>.tgz' should be unpacked in the same directory as
'Pythia7-<version>.tgz' was so that this Pythia7 directory is in the
same ThePEG-<version> directory as the ThePEG distribution.

To compile and install Pythia7, first compile and install ThePEG and
then do 'make' and 'make install' in the Pythia7 directory.

'make' will compile the Pythia7 shared libraries and run two test
programs.

'make install' will put all the shared libraries in the
lib/ThePEG/<version> directory under the install path of the
previously installed ThePEG. There will also be placed the default
repository file 'Pythia7Defaults.rpo'. In addition All header files
will be installed in the 'include/ThePEG' directory under the install
path.

Note that this version is not of production quality and results
produced with it should not be used for serious scientific
studies. This release is mainly intended to make public the basic
structure of the program.

There is currently no up-to-date manual avaliable. However, the
general structure is described in "PYTHIA version 7-0.0 - a
proof-of-concept version" Comput. Phys. Commun. 134 (2001) 365. (see
also http://www.thep.lu.se/Pythia7/Doc/Proof/). This describes the
Pythia7 program before it was broken up into the basic event generator
platform - ThePEG - and the Pythia-specific parts in Pythia7

Briefly, the running of ThePEG with Pythia7 is divided into two steps:

1: The program 'setupThePEG' is used to set up an event generator and
   saving it to a file. Here you collect together the components
   needed for a specific event generation run, and parameters and
   switches of the components can be set to prefered values. See the
   files SimpleLEP.in and SimpleLHC.in in the src subdirectory for two
   examples. To use the default Pythia7 repository, the setupThePEG
   program should be given the argument '-r Pythia7Defaults.rpo'.

2: The program 'runThePEG' is used to run the generator saved to a
   file. 


